Woo wisdom 3 times as high as the traffic accident accident The first moment of the accident
I will call
Ah
8% of Samsung's mortality rate after a traffic accident in Awiguchi River between June and August
It will be concentrated.
You can jump into a big accident right away if you get a little game off of AHAR.
5 Chinese people in the provinces can have all kinds of germs.
I can make you even more deadly .
I stopped running after 49 m when I rushed,
Monitors showed a distance of about
Neoprogram's rainy day mortality rate is three times higher than that.
In order to prevent traffic accidents widely, the basic safety safety of driving safety is well worn
Was there
Because enforcement is more difficult to remove than the rainy English everyday facts
The minutes said two years
Uh I want atmospheres guide is the perfect experience
I know that it is difficult to get caught because of the sharp
I did not wear it .
Oh, but I avoided coming halragu the soul should go out on the 5th day branch
I come from import, while still using # 14
If we boil the next year, we will have 6.25
Quaternary As did the words of the ancient ancestors called back while living life to the stomach
About how any gossip conditions triggered by the sword haetneundeyo Khan was indeed exceeds
Hiro another 4
Compared to developed countries, more than 90% wear seat belts forward and Glass Korea
It was 68% low. If you do not wear your seat belt,
I can lead
Indeyo take off my actual traffic accidents during car video passengers to wear a seat belt
It is thrown forward.
If the safety belt is not attached, the mortality rate is three times as high.
Result If you do not wear a seat belt 2 The impact on the head of the tray
He said it was 2.7 times higher than wearing it.
Rise of the brand 4.7 promise to shock Because Ayase 1 is utilized
Shock passenger was released out of the vehicle or influential bread - no
There is a high possibility that overseas structures will be impacted by overseas structures.
If you do not wear eyeglass frames with your app reading,
Why not change the frozen catch it increasingly blame the control group, and it is a little rice
This is not a society to prevent traffic accidents, and the first step is to ensure the safety
I do not see you wearing seat belts right now.
Little toad Giant Stadium
Oh , I thought you were a lot of people .